README.md, before:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/9ebc703ec975419ebe693158241259cd)](https://app.codacy.com/app/Narimm/Minigames?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=AddstarMC/Minigames&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/AddstarMC/Minigames.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/AddstarMC/Minigames?utm_source=badge)
 
The Minigames plugin for CraftBukkit servers.

To build this source you require Vault and the latest build of Bukkit.

`mvn clean install`
####Build Status

| Branch      | Status                                                                                                                             | Coverage                                                                                                                                                           |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Master      | [![Build Status - Master](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames) | [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/AddstarMC/Minigames/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/AddstarMC/Minigames?branch=master) | 
| Development | [![Build Status - Master](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames)    | [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/AddstarMC/Minigames/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://coveralls.io/github/AddstarMC/Minigames?branch=dev)       |

Minigames is compiled against Paper and will only work wih it or further downstream.

The General release will always be available on SpigotMC
For the most up-to-date info go to [Minigames](https://minigames.addstar.com.au)  You can access the wiki and other
related pages there.

Minigames is supported and will be profiled by

[![YourKit Profiler](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)](https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/)

Commit message:

readme explanation of this branch

README.md, after:

# This branch prematurely merges paper + Devfeuer, because the lang changes profit from a fix over there

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/9ebc703ec975419ebe693158241259cd)](https://app.codacy.com/app/Narimm/Minigames?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=AddstarMC/Minigames&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/AddstarMC/Minigames.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/AddstarMC/Minigames?utm_source=badge)
 
The Minigames plugin for CraftBukkit servers.

To build this source you require Vault and the latest build of Bukkit.

`mvn clean install`
####Build Status

| Branch      | Status                                                                                                                             | Coverage                                                                                                                                                           |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Master      | [![Build Status - Master](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames) | [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/AddstarMC/Minigames/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/AddstarMC/Minigames?branch=master) | 
| Development | [![Build Status - Master](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/AddstarMC/Minigames)    | [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/AddstarMC/Minigames/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://coveralls.io/github/AddstarMC/Minigames?branch=dev)       |

Minigames is compiled against Paper and will only work wih it or further downstream.

The General release will always be available on SpigotMC
For the most up-to-date info go to [Minigames](https://minigames.addstar.com.au)  You can access the wiki and other
related pages there.

Minigames is supported and will be profiled by

[![YourKit Profiler](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)](https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/)
